Add Public Interface description to Airflow documentation (#28300)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/public-airflow-interface.rst

Public Interface:

* `Database structure <database-erd-ref>`_ is considered to be an internal implementation
  detail and you should not assume the structure is going to be maintained in
  backwards-compatible way.

* `Web UI <ui>`_ is considered to be continuously adapting and evolving for Apache Airflow and
  you should not assume that the UI will remain as it is in backwards-compatible way. Views and screens
  might be updated and removed in major releases without impacting backwards-compatibility.

* `Python API <python-api-ref>`_ (except the explicitly mentioned classes below), are considered an
  internal implementation details and you should not assume they will be maintained
  in backwards-compatible way.

Which classes and packages are part of the Public Interface of Apache Airflow?
==============================================================================

The Public Interface of Airflow consists of a number of different classes and packages that provide access
to the core features and functionality of the system.

The classes and packages that may be considered as the Public Interface include:

> * The :class:`~airflow.models.dag.DAG`, which provides a way to define and manage DAGs in Airflow.

Reviewer: I think I'd like the "public" interface to not include module where possible, so 
```suggestion
* The :class:`~airflow.DAG`, which provides a way to define and manage DAGs in Airflow.
```

(Reasoning:I think  we should move towards `airflow.models` should be internal by default!)

Author: For DAG yes. For others we would have to move it. I think - if you think it makes sense, you can add them to "airflow"  - no problem for me since we have the STAICA_HACK to avoid circular references

For now I just want to document what we have rather than  change anything.

* The :class:`~airflow.models.baseoperator.BaseOperator`, which provides a way write custom operators.
* The :class:`~airflow.hooks.base.BaseHook`, which provides a way write custom hooks.
* The :class:`~airflow.decorators.base.TaskDecorator`, which provides a way write custom decorators.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection`, which provides access to external service credentials and configuration.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.variable.Variable`, which provides access to Airflow configuration variables.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.xcom.XCom` classes that are used to access to inter-task communication data.
* The :class:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend` classes that are used to define custom secret managers.
* The :class:`~airflow.plugins_manager.AirflowPlugin` class that is used to define custom plugins.

.. versionadded:: 2.5

* The :class:`~airflow.listeners.listener` classes that are used to define your own listeners for DAG/Task events

> .. versionadded:: 2.6

Reviewer: These version added don't line up with anything.

Author: Restructured the docs a  bit to let them contain content.

==========================================================

Apache Airflow has a number of different Public Interfaces that allow developers to interact with various
aspects of the system. Some examples of the types of Public Interfaces exposed as Python objects
that are available in Apache Airflow include:

* `DAG <concepts/dags>`_ (Directed Acyclic Graph) APIs, which allow developers to create, manage,
  and access DAGs in Airflow.
* `Task <concepts/tasks>`_ APIs, which provide access to information about individual tasks within
  a DAG, such as their dependencies and execution status.
* `Operator <concepts/operators>`_ APIs, which allows the developers to write their custom Operators.
* `Decorators <howto/create-custom-decorator>`_ APIs, which allows the developers to write their
  custom decorators to make it easier to write `TaskFlow <tutorial/taskflow>`_ DAGs.
* `Secret Managers <security/secrets>`_ APIs, which allows the developers to write their custom
  Secret Managers to safely access credentials and other secret configuration of their workflows.
* `Connection management <concepts/connections>`_ APIs, which allow developers to manage

>   connections to external systems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  connections to external systems.
```

* `XCom <concepts/xcoms>`_, which allow developers to manage cross-task communication within Airflow.
* `Variables <concepts/variables>`_, which allow developers to manage variables within Airflow.
* `Executors <executor/index>`_, which allow developers to manage the execution of tasks within Airflow.
* `Listeners <listeners>`_, which allow developers to react to DAG/Task lifecycle events.
* `Plugins <plugins>`_, which allow developers to extend internal Airflow capabilities - add new UI
  pages, custom `TimeTables <concepts/timetable>`_, `Extra Links <howto/define_extra_link>`_,

>   `Triggers <concept/deferring>`_. `Listeners <listeners>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `Triggers <concept/deferring>`_, and `Listeners <listeners>`_.
```

What is not part of the Public Interface of Apache Airflow?
===========================================================

> Everything not mentioned in this document should be considered as non-Public Interface.
> 
> The users however, might have some assumptions about different parts of Airflow, thinking that
> they can rely on them, so here we try to clarify and want to be explicit that they are not part of the
> Public Interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everything not mentioned in this document should be considered as non-Public Interface. This includes:
```

Author: I would like to keep it and explain context. It is all about setting the expectations.

 I think if we do not provide that context, users might mistakenly think that this list of "things" that are excluded is "closed" (and there are no others). By explicitly explaining that here we are only showing things that some people might easily take for granted we provide more context - why we are listing those things here.

We are listing them here because people might (and did) make assumptions those things are "public interface". This alreaady happened, and it is likely .o happen again. So listing those things here, we are addressing the likely case that people will attempt to rely on. This is purely based on past discussions and assumptions people already made so it is not "guesswork". That's based on real cases.

==============================================================================

The Public Interface of Airflow consists of a number of different classes and packages that provide access
to the core features and functionality of the system.

The classes and packages that may be considered as the Public Interface include:

* The :class:`~airflow.DAG`, which provides a way to define and manage DAGs in Airflow.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.baseoperator.BaseOperator`, which provides a way write custom operators.
* The :class:`~airflow.hooks.base.BaseHook`, which provides a way write custom hooks.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection`, which provides access to external service credentials and configuration.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.variable.Variable`, which provides access to Airflow configuration variables.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.xcom.XCom` which are used to access to inter-task communication data.
* The :class:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend` which are used to define custom secret managers.
* The :class:`~airflow.plugins_manager.AirflowPlugin` which are used to define custom plugins.

> * The :class:`~airflow.triggers.base.BaseTrigger`, which are used to implement custom Custom Deferrable Operators (based on ``async.io``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :class:`~airflow.triggers.base.BaseTrigger`, which are used to implement custom Custom Deferrable Operators (based on ``asyncio``).
```

* The :class:`~airflow.decorators.base.TaskDecorator`, which provides a way write custom decorators.

> * The :class:`~airflow.listeners.listener.ListenerManager` class which provides hooks that can be implemented to respond to DAG/Task lifecycle events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :class:`~airflow.listeners.listener.ListenerManager` class which provides hooks that can be implemented to respond to DAG/Task lifecycle events.
```

.. versionadded:: 2.5

   Listener public interface has been added in version 2.5.

* The :class:`~airflow.executors.base_executor.BaseExecutor` - the Executors are the components of Airflow
  that are responsible for executing tasks.

.. versionadded:: 2.6

   There are a number of different executor implementations built-in Airflow, each with its own unique
   characteristics and capabilities. Executor interface was available in earlier version of Airflow but

>    only as of version 2.6 executors are decoupled and Airflow does not rely on built-in set of executors.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what the key message is here?

Author: The message is that only as 2.6 executors are truly extendable. Because they weren't before. There are certain modifications and changes in the interface (as explained and being implemented in https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/AIP-51+Removing+Executor+Coupling+from+Core+Airlfow ) that allow you to implement custom executor without hittting some roadblocks.

We just failed in delivering it before even if it was somewhat promised. And this is to warn users they should only target 2.6+. I want to avoid the situation that people mistakenly think they can do it in earlier versions. Of course there is the "version" selector at the top of the documentation, but many people do not realise that the feature they see there in the "stable" version are not available in their version and loose time and effort to try to make them work. And then they come up with bad feelings about Airflow, because we failed to warn them clearly enough.

Just one example from last week: 

 User thinking that breadth-first mapping is implemented in 2.3

https://apache-airflow.slack.com/archives/CCQ7EGB1P/p1670968167747709?thread_ts=1670937467.554809&cid=CCQ7EGB1P

User is at 2.3.4 in Composer and cannot upgrade to 2.5.0:

> User: any possibility to implement an inheritance on TaskGroup and add the "jinja interpretation mechanism" somehow?? even simplistically, just to get a {{ds_nodash}}  interpretation (edited) 
> Jarek: No
> User: RIP 10 days of work lmao

I want to malke sure our users don't even start working on 2.3, 2.4, 2.5 with custom executors basing on the new documentation that's coming on 2.6 where we explicitly admit Executors are extendable. Before we hinted at it but never admitted to it. Now when we explicitly state it that users "can" do it, we should tell them they should only do it in 2.5 and explain why. Otherwise they will start working on it with earlier versions and when they fail, they will complain. We can prevent it by being explicit about it and if they complain we can link to that doc and tell them "you had a chance to read it, it's your fault". Otherwise they can tell "you have not explained this explicitly that it's only 2.6" and they will be right.

Reviewer: This is simple not true though -- I know of multiple people (Astro _and_ others) who have successfully written custom executors against 2.1 and above.

Author: > This is simple not true though -- I know of multiple people (Astro and others) who have successfully written custom executors against 2.1 and above.

It's very strong statement to claim something is not true. But I think we are mixing two things here. I know there are people who wrote some implementations of custom executors that worked in some cases. This is true. I agree with that statement. And I am not arguing with that statement at all. In fact I wholeheartedly agree with your statement @ashb. And I believe it is not invalidating what I wrote (or at least what my intention was). What I wrote that the earlier attempts to write executor could have failed in a number of non-obvious cases because there were a number of hard-coded behaviours that made executior not a "well defined API".

I do not want to make an attempt to describe what things you should avoid and what problems you would hit with tryibng to implement Executors before. I think it's a topic that requires some intrinsic analysis of where the "hard-coded" behaviours could cause the problems. And if someone would like to attempt it - I am all ears.

But - let me rephrase it in the way that will make it clear that there were successful attempts before, but you could have hit difficult to diagnose and solve problems because built-in executors were hard-coded (and I will mention that a there were cases successes in writing limited implementations of executors). I hope this will be acceptable.

Author: I updated the note now:

>    There are a number of different executor implementations built-in Airflow, each with its own unique
characteristics and capabilities. Executor interface was available in earlier version of Airflow but
only as of version 2.6 executors are fully decoupled and Airflow does not rely on built-in set of executors.
You could have implemented (and succeeded) with implementing Executors before Airflow 2.6 and a number
of people succeeded in doing so, but there were some hard-coded behaviours that preferred in-built
executors, and custom executors could not provide full functionality that built-in executors had.

I hope it is much closer to "truth" now - it mentions that it was possible to implement executors before and people succeed with it (truth 1) but that you could have hit the limits because of some hard-coded behaviours (truth 2) and that in 2.6 you can rely on public api of executor to be on-par with the built-in executors (truth 3)

Author: I hope there are no more non-truths in this statement  @ashb

Author: BTW. I can also link to AIP-51 for details of what "could not be done" before. I think it describes it pretty well (and completely). But I think we rarely link to AIPs in our docs (and it was criricised before when I added it), so I think just leaving a generic note is better.

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Public Interface of Airflow
...........................

The Public Interface of Apache Airflow is a set of interfaces that allow developers to interact
with and access certain features of the Apache Airflow system. This includes operations such as

> creating and managing DAGs (directed acyclic graphs), managing tasks and their dependencies,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
creating and managing DAGs (Directed Acyclic Graphs), managing tasks and their dependencies,
```

and extending Airflow capabilities by writing new executors, plugins, operators and providers. The
Public Interface can be useful for building custom tools and integrations with other systems,
and for automating certain aspects of the Airflow workflow.

Using Airflow Public Interfaces
===============================

Using Airflow Public Interfaces is needed when you want to interact with Airflow programmatically:

* When you are writing new (or extending existing) custom Python classes (Operators, Hooks) - basic building
  blocks of DAGs and can be done DAG Authors to add missing functionality in their DAGs or by those who write

>   reusable custom operators for other DAG authors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When you are extending Airflow classes such as Operators and Hooks. This can be done by DAG authors to add missing functionality in their DAGs or by those who write reusable custom operators for other DAG authors.
```

In the context of public interfaces, people are always subclassing an Airflow component. So "writing new (or extending existing)" doesn't make much sense here. Would reword.

* When writing new :doc:`Plugins <authoring-and-scheduling/plugins>` that extend Airflow's functionality beyond
  DAG building blocks. Secrets, Timetables, Triggers, Listeners are all examples of such functionality. This
  is usually done by users who manage Airflow instances.
* Bundling custom Operators, Hooks, Plugins and releasing them together via
  :doc:`provider packages <apache-airflow-providers:index>` - this is usually done by those who intend to

>   provide reusable set of functionality for external service or application Airflow integrates with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  provide a reusable set of functionality for external services or applications Airflow integrates with.
```

All the ways above involve extending or using Airflow Python classes and functions. The classes

> and functions mentioned below can be relied to keep backwards-compatible signatures and behaviours within

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and functions mentioned below can be relied on to keep backwards-compatible signatures and behaviours within
```

> MAJOR version of Airflow. On the other hand, classes and method started with ``_`` (also known

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MAJOR version of Airflow. On the other hand, classes and methods starting with ``_`` (also known
```

as protected Python methods) and ``__`` (also known as private Python methods) are not part of the Public

> Airflow Interface and might change any time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow Interface and might change at any time.
```

You can also use Airflow's Public Interface via the `Stable REST API <stable-rest-api-ref>`_ (based on the
OpenAPI specification). For specific needs you can also use the
`Airflow Command Line Interface (CLI) <cli-and-env-variables-ref.rst>`_ though it's behaviour might change
in details (such as output format and available flags) so if you want to rely on those in programmatic
way, the Stable REST API is recommended.

Using Public Interface by DAG Authors

> =====================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the Public Interface for DAG Authors
==========================================
```

> DAGS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DAGs
```

----

The DAG is Airflow's core entity that represents a recurring workflow. You can create a DAG by
instantiating the :class:`~airflow.models.dag.DAG` class in your DAG file.

> Airflow has a set of Example DAGs that you can use to learn how to write DAGs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow has a set of example DAGs that you can use to learn how to write DAGs
```

"Example" isn't a name so would lowercase.

functionality through inheritance. Since this is the core of the engine,
it's worth taking the time to understand the parameters of :class:`~airflow.models.baseoperator.BaseOperator`
to understand the primitive features that can be leveraged in your DAGs.

Airflow has a set of Operators that are considered public. You are also free to extend their functionality
by extending them:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/operators/index

  _api/airflow/sensors/index

You can read more about the operators in :doc:`core-concepts/operators`, :doc:`core-concepts/sensors`.
Also you can learn how to write a custom operator in :doc:`howto/custom-operator`.

.. _pythonapi:hooks:

Hooks
-----

Hooks are interfaces to external platforms and databases, implementing a common
interface when possible and acting as building blocks for operators. All hooks
are derived from :class:`~airflow.hooks.base.BaseHook`.

Airflow has a set of Hooks that are considered public. You are free to extend their functionality
by extending them:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/hooks/index

Public Airflow utilities
------------------------

> When writing or extending Hooks and Operators, DAG authors and developers of those Operators and Hooks can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing or extending Hooks and Operators, DAG authors and developers can
```

Remove text duplication for readability

use the following classes:

* The :class:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection`, which provides access to external service credentials and configuration.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.variable.Variable`, which provides access to Airflow configuration variables.
* The :class:`~airflow.models.xcom.XCom` which are used to access to inter-task communication data.

You can read more about the public Airflow utilities in :doc:`howto/connection`,
:doc:`core-concepts/variables`, :doc:`core-concepts/xcoms`

Public Exceptions
-----------------

When writing the custom Operators and Hooks, you can handle and raise public Exceptions that Airflow
exposes:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/exceptions/index

Using Public Interface to extend Airflow capabilities
=====================================================

> Airflow uses Plugin mechanism as a way to extend Airflow platform capabilities. They allow to extend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow uses Plugin mechanism to extend Airflow platform capabilities. They allow to extend
```

Remove obsolete text for readability

> Airflow UI but also they are the way to expose the below customizations (Triggers, Timetables, Listeners).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow UI but also they are the way to expose the below customizations (Triggers, Timetables, Listeners, etc.).
```

Adding "etc." because there's more

Providers can also implement plugin endpoints and customize Airflow UI and the customizations.

You can read more about plugins in :doc:`authoring-and-scheduling/plugins`. You can read how to extend
Airflow UI in :doc:`howto/custom-view-plugin`. Note that there are some simple customizations of the UI
that do not require plugins - you can read more about them in :doc:`howto/customize-ui`.

Here are the ways how Plugins can be used to extend Airflow:

Triggers
--------

> Airflow might be configure to use Triggers in order to implement ``asyncio`` compatible Deferrable Operators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow uses Triggers to implement ``asyncio`` compatible Deferrable Operators.
```

"might be" is very vague. Rewording for clarity.

All Triggers derive from :class:`~airflow.triggers.base.BaseTrigger`.

Airflow has a set of Triggers that are considered public. You are free to extend their functionality
by extending them:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/triggers/index

You can read more about Triggers in :doc:`authoring-and-scheduling/deferring`.

Timetables
----------

Custom timetable implementations provide Airflow's scheduler additional logic to
schedule DAG runs in ways not possible with built-in schedule expressions.
All Timetables derive from :class:`~airflow.timetables.base.Timetable`.

Airflow has a set of Timetables that are considered public. You are free to extend their functionality
by extending them:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/timetables/index

You can read more about Timetables in :doc:`howto/timetable`.

Listeners
---------

> Listeners are the way that airflow platform as a whole can be extended to respond to DAG/Task lifecycle events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Listeners enable you to respond to DAG/Task lifecycle events.
```

Vague text. Rewording for clarity.

This is implemented via :class:`~airflow.listeners.listener.ListenerManager` class that provides hooks that
can be implemented to respond to DAG/Task lifecycle events.

.. versionadded:: 2.5

   Listener public interface has been added in version 2.5.

You can read more about Listeners in :doc:`administration-and-deployment/listeners`.

Extra Links
-----------

Extra links are dynamic links that could be added to Airflow independently from custom Operators. Normally

> they can be defined by the Operators, but plugins allow to override the links on aa global level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they can be defined by the Operators, but plugins allow you to override the links on a global level.
```

You can read more about the Extra Links in :doc:`/howto/define-extra-link`.

Using Public Interface to integrate with external services and applications
===========================================================================

> In order to integrate Airflow with external services and applications you can develop Hooks and Operators,
> similarly to DAG Authors, but also you can also extend the core functionality of Airflow by integrating
> them with those external services. This can be done by just adding the extension classes to PYTHONPATH
> on your system,and configuring Airflow to use them (there is no need to use plugin mechanism). However,
> you can also package and release the Hooks, Operators and core extensions in the form of
> :doc:`provider packages <apache-airflow-providers:index>`. You can read more about core extensions
> delivered by providers via :doc:`provider packages <apache-airflow-providers:core-extensions/index>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Tasks in Airflow can orchestrate external services via Hooks and Operators. The core functionality of Airflow (such as authentication) can also be extended to leverage external services.
```

Struggling to understand this paragraph. It tells me multiple conflicting things:

- "you can develop Hooks and Operators, similarly to DAG Authors, but also"... this reads as if "DAG authors" is a concept in Airflow
- Do you intend to tell the reader "how to deploy custom code"? The header is "integrate with external services" so why explain that here?
- Why is there no need to use the plugin mechanism?
- I'm reading multiple ways to deploy code without explanation, why would a reader choose one over another?

Reading all the text below, I actually think this paragraph intends to explain "you can communicate with external services in your tasks (which is what DAG authors do), but you can also make Airflow's core functionality leverage external services". I made a suggestion for the text, but feel free to correct me if this assumption was wrong.

Author: Yes it is that. But I would also leave the links to detailed documents of the providers and "core-extensions" provided by the providers. I find it really important to inter-link our documentation and refer to more details when we are explaining something as it is the way how the reader can look easily for more information.

I will add a fixup after I bulk-merge your corrections.

Executors
---------

Executors are the mechanism by which task instances get run. All executors are

> derived from :class:`~airflow.executors.base_executor.BaseExecutor`. There are a number of different

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
derived from :class:`~airflow.executors.base_executor.BaseExecutor`. There are several
```

"A number of" generally refers to a large number. Would use "several" since there's only a small number of executor implementations.

executor implementations built-in Airflow, each with its own unique characteristics and capabilities.

Airflow has a set of Executors that are considered public. You are free to extend their functionality
by extending them:

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/executors/index

You can read more about executors in :doc:`core-concepts/executor/index`.

.. versionadded:: 2.6

  Executor interface was available in earlier version of Airflow but only as of version 2.6 executors are
  fully decoupled and Airflow does not rely on built-in set of executors.
  You could have implemented (and succeeded) with implementing Executors before Airflow 2.6 and a number
  of people succeeded in doing so, but there were some hard-coded behaviours that preferred in-built
  executors, and custom executors could not provide full functionality that built-in executors had.

Secrets Backends
----------------

> Airflow might be configured to rely on secrets backends to retrieve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow can be configured to rely on secrets backends to retrieve
```

"might" is asking for permission. Would use "can" to express to the capability of implementing a secrets backend.

:class:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection` and :class:`~airflow.models.Variables`.
All secrets backends derive from :class:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend`.

> Airflow has a set of Secret Backends that are considered public. You are free to extend their functionality
> by extending them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Secrets Backend implementations are public. You can extend their functionality:
```

This suggests there's also a set that's not considered public. Would reword for clarity. Also removing text duplication for clarity.

.. toctree::
  :includehidden:
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  _api/airflow/secrets/index

You can read more about Secret Backends in :doc:`administration-and-deployment/security/secrets/secrets-backend/index`.
You can also find all the available Secrets Backends implemented in community providers
in :doc:`apache-airflow-providers:core-extensions/secrets-backends`.

Authentication Backends
-----------------------

Authentication backends can extend the way how Airflow authentication mechanism works. You can find out more
about authentication in :doc:`apache-airflow-providers:core-extensions/auth-backends` that also shows available
Authentication backends implemented in the community providers.

Connections
-----------

> When crating Hooks, you can add custom Connections. You can read more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating Hooks, you can add custom Connections. You can read more
```

about connections in :doc:`apache-airflow-providers:core-extensions/connections` for available
Connections implemented in the community providers.

Extra Links
-----------

When creating Hooks, you can add custom Extra Links that are displayed when the tasks are run.
You can find out more about extra links in :doc:`apache-airflow-providers:core-extensions/extra-links`

> that also shows available Authentication backends implemented in the community providers.

Reviewer 2: Mentioning "Authentication backends" here doesn't seem correct.

Author: Right.
